I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
Hide and Seek
Peppa and George are playing
hide and seek.
It is George's turn to hide.
He must quickly find
somewhere to hide
before Peppa finishes counting!
One... two... three...
four... five... six... seven...
George has found somewhere to hide,
eight...
just in time!
nine...
ten...
Ready or not.
here I come!
Peppa has to find
Where George is hiding.
Found you!
Peppa has found George.
George, I could see you too easily.
Now it is Peppa's turn to hide.
One... erm... three.
I'll help George to count.
One... two... three...
four... five...
six... seven... eight...
nine... ten!
Okay, George, open your eyes!
George has to find Where Peppa is hiding.
Oh.
Peppa isn't hiding under the table.
George, have you thought of
looking upstairs?
Peppa isn't under the bed.
What Was that strange noise?
Peppa isn't behind the curtain.
There is that strange noise again!
What can it be?
Whee !
George has found Where
Peppa Was hiding.
George found me!
Now it's Daddy's turn to hide!
Oh, I think George should
have another turn.
But George isn't
very good at hiding...
I'm sure he'll be better this time.
Close your eyes and start counting.
One... two...
three... Oh, dear. Peppa Will
easily find George. four...
five...
six... George!
Come over here... seven...
eight... nine... ten!
Ready or not, here I come!
Oh, George isn't hiding
under the table!
But George always
hides under the table!
Have you thought of
looking upstairs?
I know Where he is!
George is in the toy basket.
Oh.
George is not in the toy basket!
Where can he be?
Peppa can not find George anywhere.
Daddy? I can't find
George anywhere.
Oh, dear, I Wonder Where he can be.
Actually, I think
there's something
about George in this
newspaper...
Whee...
George! Found you!
Oh, George!
That Was a good place to hide!
George Was hiding behind
Daddy Pig's newspaper
all the time!
I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.